en: refine TLS docs; add a FAQ about task upgrade (#451)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/faq.md

- The configuration item in the task configuration file: `target-database.max-allowed-packet`. For details, refer to [DM Advanced Task Configuration File](task-configuration-file-full.md).

For details, see [Loader solution](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/loader-overview#solution).

## How to handle the error `Error 1054: Unknown column 'binlog_gtid' in 'field list'` that occurs when existing DM migration tasks of an DM 1.0 cluster are running on a DM 2.0 cluster?

> DM 2.0 introduces more fields to meta-information tables such as checkpoint. In DM 2.0, if you directly run the `start-task` command with the task configuration file of the DM 1.0 cluster to continue the incremental data replication, the error `Error 1054: Unknown column 'binlog_gtid' in 'field list'` occurs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DM 2.0 introduces more fields to metadata tables such as checkpoint. In DM 2.0, if you directly run the `start-task` command with the task configuration file of the DM 1.0 cluster to continue the incremental data replication, the error `Error 1054: Unknown column 'binlog_gtid' in 'field list'` occurs.
```

> DM 2.0 introduces more fields to meta-information tables such as checkpoint. In DM 2.0, if you directly run the `start-task` command and continue the incremental data replication with the task configuration file of the DM 1.0 cluster, then the error `Error 1054: Unknown column 'binlog_gtid' in 'field list'` occurs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
DM 2.0 introduces more fields to meta-information tables such as checkpoint. In DM 2.0, if you directly run the `start-task` command with the task configuration file of the DM 1.0 cluster to continue the incremental data replication, the error `Error 1054: Unknown column 'binlog_gtid' in 'field list'` occurs.
```
